docs updates (#597)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: README.md

A few key features: 
- Support for multiple frameworks. Serve models trained in popular formats such as Caffe*, TensorFlow*, MXNet* and ONNX*.
- Online deployment of new [model versions](docs/model_version_policy.md).
- Configuration updates a in runtime
- Support for AI accelerators including [Intel Movidius Myriad VPUs](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/openvino_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_VPU.html), 
[GPU](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_CL_DNN.html) and [HDDL](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_HDDL.html). 
- The server can be enabled both on [Bare Metal Hosts](docs/host.md) or in
[Docker containers](docs/docker_container.md).
- [Model reshaping](docs/shape_and_batch_size.md). The server supports reshaping models in runtime. 
- [Directed Acyclic Graph Scheduler](docs/dag_scheduler.md) Connect multiple models to deploy complex processing solutions and reduce overhead of sending data back and forth.

> - [Custom nodes in DAG pipelines](docs/custom_node_development.md) Model inference can be represented by a custom node implementation attached as a C/C++ library.

Reviewer: This sentence seems off to me. I think the intent here is to give message that user can implement any
"inference-like" action as a custom node inside DAG and that's why we mention it here beside DAG documentation?

I would rewrite this at least like:
```suggestion
- [Custom nodes in DAG pipelines](docs/custom_node_development.md) Model inference can be implemented by a custom node C/C++ implementation loaded as an external library.
```

* [Speed and Scale AI Inference Operations Across Multiple Architectures](https://techdecoded.intel.io/essentials/speed-and-scale-ai-inference-operations-across-multiple-architectures/?elq_cid=3646480_ts1607680426276&erpm_id=6470692_ts1607680426276) - webinar recording

> * [What is new in OpenVINO Model Server C++]()

Reviewer 2: missing link
